Update general documentation to comply with style guides (#5158)
vmware-tanzu/kubeapps: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Kubeapps

Kubeapps maintainers welcome contributions from the community and first want to thank you for taking the time to contribute!

Please familiarize yourself with the [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/vmware/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) before contributing.

- _CLA: Before you start working with Kubeapps, please read and sign our Contributor License Agreement [CLA](https://cla.vmware.com/cla/1/preview). If you wish to contribute code and you have not signed our contributor license agreement (CLA), our bot will update the issue when you open a Pull Request. For any questions about the CLA process, please refer to our [FAQ](https://cla.vmware.com/faq)._

## Ways to contribute

> We welcome many different types of contributions and not all of them need a Pull request. Contributions may include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubeapps project welcomes many different types of contributions and not all of them need a Pull request. Contributions may include:
```
?

### Bugs

To file a bug report, please first open an [issue](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/kubeapps/issues/new?assignees=&labels=kind%2Fbug&template=bug_report.md&title=). The project maintainers team will work with you on your bug report.

Once the bug has been validated, a [pull request](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/kubeapps/compare) can be opened to fix the bug.

For specifics on what to include in your bug report, please follow the guidelines in the issue and pull request templates.

### Features

To suggest a feature, please first open an [issue](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/kubeapps/issues/new?assignees=&labels=kind%2Ffeature&template=feature_request.md&title=) that will be tagged with [`kind/proposal`](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/kubeapps/labels/kind%2Fproposal), or create a new [Discussion](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/kubeapps/discussions/new). The project maintainers will work with you on your feature request.

Once the feature request has been validated, a pull request can be opened to implement the feature.

For specifics on what to include in your feature request, please follow the guidelines in the issue and pull request templates.

## Ask for Help

> The best way to reach kubeapps maintainers team with a question when contributing is to ask on:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best way to reach Kubeapps maintainers team with a question when contributing is to ask on:
```
